raus
hey roomies mom well you're done with
the place oh no no it's a lot of boxes
but again I really appreciate you guys
letting me stay here no problem and
listen hey so you're gonna be here for a
while what if I was thinking we put your
name on the answering machine
uh-huh oh I hope you don't mind but I
kind of already jazzed it up a little
check it out we will we will call you
back pretty good you're fake laughing -
right the tears are real joy please
sorry
hello children
hey I'll play some foosball please okay
no no no bet to move the table into my
room yeah cuz of all the boxes come on
all right I have one question what is
the deal with this bye-bye little puppet
Joey hand the quiet down thing you mean
this mmm-hmm look I don't know how much
more this I can take
did you know he taped over my Baywatch
tape with some show about bugs my god
what does that have been poured Oh all
right look you know this may be tough
but come on it's Ross I survived college
with him all right I guess I can hold
out a little longer
let's have a game okay fellas
okay so he's out of here mmm
I need 99 100
okay go dude I'm telling you I'm fine
there we go here we go
hey hey so I uh I didn't get that
apartment some problem with my
applications you getting known yeah but
the good news is Phoebe said I can stay
at her place for a while stuff well you
can't stay with Phoebe Ross we're
roomies look you guys don't need me here
taking up all your space well we got
plenty of space there's still some over
there by that speaker please just stay
yeah you guys sure about this definitely
yes loss you have to stay all right
everybody so I'm a pimp huh okay look I
know sometimes I can be a pain in the
ass but you just have to talk to me tell
me if something's bothering you okay and
for my part I'll really do everything I
can to keep my annoying habits you know
[Music]
well I see you've had a very productive
day don't you think the cowboy hats a
little much come on it's fun doing this
a woman's hat dude stop talking crazy
and make us some tea
[Music]